hey guys welcome to the untidy artist
that was me being a superhero and my
husband insisted on putting it in the
video so there you go
today on the anti D artists were making
cleaned hair ties there are so many fun
ways you can put these together it was
hard to decide which to show you today
but let's grab our supplies you will
need a wood burning tool which is very
hot and scary so be careful or a match
some clothes over elastic which you can
find at most fabric stores and there are
a lot of places online that sell it and
a ruler and some scissors that are sharp
and then some buttons and you want to
make sure that the button has an opening
on the back that's big enough to slide
the fold over elastic through
we are using this pretty sparkly
rhinestone button my daughter and I
actually spent forever
picking out buttons because there were
so many pretty ones this one so go ahead
and measure your elastic to nine inches
and then steel off the ends with your
match or your wood-burning tool we do
this because we don't want it to free
and then most fold over elastic has a
shiny side and a matte side and we want
the button to go on top of the shiny
side so make sure that the shiny side is
facing up fold over the corner of the
fold over elastic in an angle and then
just slide it right through button if
you have a hard time getting it through
I usually grab a pin and just barely
wrap the end allowing me to pull it
through they get it nice and centered
and all you do is match up your ends and
tie it into a knot and I usually tie it
around two fingers and then pull it
through it helps hold the knot in place
okay pull the knot up towards the end
you want to have enough room to good
feel a stick into your hair and that's
it
you have a beautiful blingy hair type
these are also fun to wear around your
wrist this is a fun and inexpensive way
to put the Lully in your back you can
also make these plain and just leave the
button up if you have any comments or
questions please post them in the
comments below I'd love to hear from you
subscribe for more videos to check out
some of my other tutorials and give this
a thumbs up if you liked it thanks for
watching